# hello-world
learning github setup and utility.<br />
Its being a few years since I launched into web development exploring the world of information technology and data science. In learning html, css, php and jquery a new window into the intricate world of the web has been opened and its hard to not be curious about knowing more. From basics of coding to server side skills, it is clearly becoming apparent that there is a lot more to be learnt and expertise must be defined to improve competence in any particular web tool. However the sin qua non of web scripting remains javascript and its variants - at least for now. Balancing speed of deployment with respect to the learning curve required vs integerity of a server platform is a ongoing debate. Php is widely employed and probably an easier language compared to javascript. However as they say horses for courses and so it is with web programming. Object oriented programming similarly has beckoned and in my little foray, appears critical for improved application of web interphases. In recent months after taking the tentative step into developing understanding of cml programming, developing my skills in implementing cml via Bash, SSH (putty) stepping into the 'Github world' was inevitable. The idea is to optimize my use of pre-packaged modules and application and also cut down time spent in web pages by referring to 'master' copies in repository, only updating branches. Having worked with drupal CMS predominantly, I have often shied away from using drush (drupal secure shell cml). With increasing confidence using composer, its now time to take that dive into git and improve my understanding of drush. Promises to be fun.
